---
layout: post
title:  "All In"
---

**Why should I go all in?**

"If ye be willing and obedient, ye shall eat the good of the land" (Isaiah 1:19).

**What does it mean to be all in?**

"And if thy right eye offend thee, pluck it out, and cast it from thee: for it is profitable for thee that one of thy members should perish, and not that thy whole body should be cast into hell. And if thy right hand offend thee, cut it off, and cast it from thee: for it is profitable for thee that one of thy members should perish, and not that thy whole body should be cast into hell" (Matthew 5:29, 30).

"He that is not with me is against me; and he that gathereth not with me scattereth abroad" (Matthew 12:30).

Matthew 4:18-22

> 18 And Jesus, walking by the sea of Galilee, saw two brethren, Simon called Peter, and Andrew his brother, casting a net into the sea: for they were fishers.

> 19 And he saith unto them, Follow me, and I will make you fishers of men.

> 20 And they straightway left their nets, and followed him.

> 21 And going on from thence, he saw other two brethren, James the son of Zebedee, and John his brother, in a ship with Zebedee their father, mending their nets; and he called them.

> 22 And they immediately left the ship and their father, and followed him.

Matthew 8:19-22

> 19 And a certain scribe came, and said unto him, Master, I will follow thee whithersoever thou goest.

> 20 And Jesus saith unto him, The foxes have holes, and the birds of the air have nests; but the Son of man hath not where to lay his head.

> 21 And another of his disciples said unto him, Lord, suffer me first to go and bury my father.

> 22 But Jesus said unto him, Follow me; and let the dead bury their dead.

"And as Jesus passed forth from thence, he saw a man, named Matthew, sitting at the receipt of custom: and he saith unto him, Follow me. And he arose, and followed him" (Matthew 9:9).

Matthew 16:21-27

> 21 From that time forth began Jesus to shew unto his disciples, how that he must go unto Jerusalem, and suffer many things of the elders and chief priests and scribes, and be killed, and be raised again the third day.

> 22 Then Peter took him, and began to rebuke him, saying, Be it far from thee, Lord: this shall not be unto thee.

> 23 But he turned, and said unto Peter, Get thee behind me, Satan: thou art an offence unto me: for thou savourest not the things that be of God, but those that be of men.

> 24 Then said Jesus unto his disciples, If any man will come after me, let him deny himself, and take up his cross, and follow me.

> 25 For whosoever will save his life shall lose it: and whosoever will lose his life for my sake shall find it.

> 26 For what is a man profited, if he shall gain the whole world, and lose his own soul? or what shall a man give in exchange for his soul?

> 27 For the Son of man shall come in the glory of his Father with his angels; and then he shall reward every man according to his works.

Matthew 10:37-39

> 37 He that loveth father or mother more than me is not worthy of me: and he that loveth son or daughter more than me is not worthy of me.

> 38 And he that taketh not his cross, and followeth after me, is not worthy of me.

> 39 He that findeth his life shall lose it: and he that loseth his life for my sake shall find it.

## The Rich Young Ruler

Matthew 19:16-30

> 16 And, behold, one came and said unto him, Good Master, what good thing shall I do, that I may have eternal life?

> 17 And he said unto him, Why callest thou me good? there is none good but one, that is, God: but if thou wilt enter into life, keep the commandments.

> 18 He saith unto him, Which? Jesus said, Thou shalt do no murder, Thou shalt not commit adultery, Thou shalt not steal, Thou shalt not bear false witness,

> 19 Honour thy father and thy mother: and, Thou shalt love thy neighbour as thyself.

> 20 The young man saith unto him, All these things have I kept from my youth up: what lack I yet?

> 21 Jesus said unto him, If thou wilt be perfect, go and sell that thou hast, and give to the poor, and thou shalt have treasure in heaven: and come and follow me.

> 22 But when the young man heard that saying, he went away sorrowful: for he had great possessions.

> 23 Then said Jesus unto his disciples, Verily I say unto you, That a rich man shall hardly enter into the kingdom of heaven.

> 24 And again I say unto you, It is easier for a camel to go through the eye of a needle, than for a rich man to enter into the kingdom of God.

> 25 When his disciples heard it, they were exceedingly amazed, saying, Who then can be saved?

> 26 But Jesus beheld them, and said unto them, With men this is impossible; but with God all things are possible.

> 27 Then answered Peter and said unto him, Behold, we have forsaken all, and followed thee; what shall we have therefore?

> 28 And Jesus said unto them, Verily I say unto you, That ye which have followed me, in the regeneration when the Son of man shall sit in the throne of his glory, ye also shall sit upon twelve thrones, judging the twelve tribes of Israel.

> 29 And every one that hath forsaken houses, or brethren, or sisters, or father, or mother, or wife, or children, or lands, for my name's sake, shall receive an hundredfold, and shall inherit everlasting life.

> 30 But many that are first shall be last; and the last shall be first.
